Overhaul enum docs (#6003)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/preview/sql/data_types/enum.md

| NULL         | NULL       |
| sad          | true       |
| ok           | false      |

When comparing two different enum types, DuckDB will cast both to strings and perform a string comparison:

```sql
CREATE TYPE new_mood AS ENUM ('happy', 'anxious');
SELECT * FROM person
WHERE current_mood = 'happy'::new_mood;
-- Equivalent to `WHERE current_mood::VARCHAR = 'happy'::VARCHAR`
```

|   name    | current_mood |
|:----------|:-------------|
| Pedro     | happy        |

When comparing an enum to a `VARCHAR`, duckdb will cast the enum to `VARCHAR` and perform a string comparison:

```sql
SELECT * FROM person
WHERE current_mood = name;
-- Equivalent to `WHERE current_mood::VARCHAR = name`
-- No rows returned
```

When comparing against a constant string, duckdb will perform an optimization
and `try_cast(<constant string>, enum_type)` so that physically
we are doing an integer comparison instead of a string comparison
(but logically it is still a string comparison):

```sql
SELECT * FROM person
WHERE current_mood = 'sad';
-- Equivalent to `WHERE current_mood::VARCHAR = 'sad'`
```

|   name    | current_mood |
|:----------|:-------------|
| Pagliacci | sad          |

> > Warning This means that comparing against a bogus string always results in False:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning This means that comparing against a bogus string always results in `false`:
```

> > Warning This means that comparing against a bogus string always results in `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Warning This means that comparing against a random (non-equivalent) string always results in `false` (and does not error):
```
